---
title: Welcome to Celeste, Clayton, Sang--and Ashley!
author: Winston Chiong
layout: post
group: news
image: news_2018-09-08_bbq.jpg
caption: Someone jumped into the middle of the frame when he saw us taking a picture again... 
---

Continuing in the tradition of [last year's lab BBQ](/news/2018/bbq-and-team/index.html), 
we had the chance to gather again to welcome our new research coordinators, and 
were particularly pleased that [Ali Zahir](/team/index.html#Ali-Zahir) and 
[Alex Beagle](/team/index.html#Alex-Beagle) were able to get away from medical 
studies to share their experiences as the first two Decision Lab RCs. It was 
great also to see Dan Dohan, Phaedra Bell, Harrison Hines and Michelle Park; 
plus an extra-special visit from [Tobias Häusermann](/team/index.html#Tobias-Häusermann)'s
parents, all the way from Switzerland! Sadly, Rea Antoniou couldn't make it from 
Greece in time to join us, but we were able to welcome our new RCs:

[Celeste Fong](/team/index.html#Celeste-Fong) received her MA in Bioethics with 
a concentration in Neuroethics from 
[Emory](http://ethics.emory.edu/mabioethics/curriculum/certificates/neruoethicscertifcate.html){:target="\_blank"}. 
As we get more fully into the [Neuroethics in Novel Neurotechnologies](/projects/index.html#neurotech) 
project, we're excited to integrate the insights that she's gained from her 
master's thesis utilizing qualitative research methods to explore the experiences 
of patients undergoing open-loop deep brain stimulation for depression. 

[Clayton Young](/team/index.html#Clayton-Young) performed extensive neuroscience 
research as an undergraduate in the 
[Laboratory for Basic and Translational Cognitive Neuroscience](https://lucklab.ucdavis.edu/){:target="\_blank"} 
and the [Cognitive Neuroscience of Language Lab](https://swaab.faculty.ucdavis.edu/){:target="\_blank"} 
at UC Davis, and after graduation acquired expertise in performing cognitive 
evaluations of patients with neuropsychiatric disorders before returning to 
research with us. With his mix of clinical and scientific experience, in a short 
time he's already had a lot to contribute to the 
[Genes, Brains and Decisions](/projects/index.html#gbd) project. 

Sang Ngo will be transitioning from cell biology to 
clinical neuroscience after receiving several grants and awards for his research 
as an undergrad at Stanford. In the [O'Brien lab](http://www.stemdynamics.org/index.html){:target="\_blank"} 
he undertook several of his own experiments. As he takes responsibility for the 
[Decision-Making in Alzheimer's and Related Dementias](/projects/index.html#dma) 
project we're excited to see how he combines his scientific intuition with his 
commitment to clinical populations and his concern for stigmatized and 
marginalized communities. 

Finally, while Ashley Jackson will not be working primarily 
for the Decision Lab, we're really excited to have her join the 
[Memory and Aging Center](https://memory.ucsf.edu){:target="\_blank"} and look 
forward to spending time with her when she's not busy in the 
[PPG](https://memory.ucsf.edu/frontotemporal-dementia-genes-images-and-emotions){:target="\_blank"}. 
Ashley brings a wealth of personal and life experience to her work with patients, 
as a former professional ballet dancer, president of the Cañada College Black 
Student Union and Premedical and Biomedical Research Club, and peer support 
volunteer for the Shanti Project. Ashley has received an NIH Diversity Supplement 
to join us as an undergraduate researcher, and we look forward to her 
contributions to the center!
