---
title: Valerie, Juliana, Chanel, and Winston at American Society for Bioethics and Humanities meeting
author: Juliana Friend
layout: post
group: news
image: news_2025_asbh.jpg
---

From October 22-25, members of the Decision Lab attended the 2025 conference of 
the American Society for Bioethics and Humanities (ASBH) in Portland, Oregon. 
Postdocs [Valerie](/team/index.html#Valerie-Black) and 
[Juliana](/team/index.html#Juliana-Friend) presented ongoing research. 
Valerie’s presentation, entitled ‘Ableism in Neurotech: What Neurotechnologist 
Perspectives Reveal,” shared early findings from the lab’s Human-Centered Design 
Neurotechnology project. Juliana presented on possibilities and challenges for 
meaningfully incorporating patients into health AI governance at academic 
medical centers. Both presentations sought to scratch beneath the surface of 
calls for including diverse groups in technology design, digging into subtle 
power relations that complicate the work of avoiding tech-based harms and 
equitably distributing benefits. Lab director 
[Winston Chiong](/team/index.html#Winston-Chiong) and 
[Chanel Matney](https://bioethics.ucsf.edu/people/chanel-matney), lab affiliate 
and UCSF Bioethics program manager, also attended and ensured that the Decision 
Lab was well-represented in Portland.

Reflecting on the conference, lab members highlighted the interdisciplinary 
nature of ASBH. While interdisciplinarity may complicate the task of creating a 
shared foundation for presenting research, the convergence of philosophy, social 
science and clinical expertise at ASBH was a strength of the meeting. It 
afforded opportunities to see one’s own work from new angles and explore 
intellectual conversations one may not otherwise encounter. For example, Juliana 
attended talks that considered if and how clinicians should attend to the reasons 
patients give for refusing treatments recommended by providers. This invited 
reflection on the links between the lab’s work on dementia decision making and 
philosophical scholarship on reasons and reasoning outside dementia contexts.

Chanel observed that several affinity groups and panels explored how to pursue 
bioethics research in the current political moment. A panel on abolitionist 
bioethics - which featured UCSF sociologist 
[Jennifer James](https://profiles.ucsf.edu/jennifer.james) - called for courage 
and boldness amid risks of censorship, while highlighting that what courage 
looks like may differ based on one’s positionality.Last but not least, Winston, 
Chanel, and Juliana attended the UCSF Bioethics dinner, enjoying conversation 
about all things ethics and non-ethics (if there is such a thing as ‘non-ethics,’ 
that is) over delicious food and drink. Until next year, ASBH!